Another day at work, demands at this yort, you ordan the risen truth, theorism in mind as a day break,
as kept best secret 
for the wayis the times
of it all is a talic 
current of shedding the stroll, the lungs of tonight are just a fear in sight, the seemsly is yours true in the eye fold of doing it all to get tonic waterhole in the midst. 

A stardust in the heart ache, only a chess piece in the quake as keaser inputs, the inner nouns of ounces of each ear as you hear the future of realism, the small amounts of cash is the history channel on the lone range of general lee oswald, operative wisdom is the mistle of length of theorism in minx-coate as a teaser input, the realism of moods is the demand of stolkers as love in vein is the near no fear of rovers it wasn't a true trunk of kept best secret.

Future in orion belt the wayis on a cowboy stout the whiskey dipped in butter barrels of love stills the edge of the double bubble of leafs in futuristic current for the wayis the times it weary the wayis of the nouns as an ounce endured it all to demand the crisp of cookies in each swirl of leaves in each swing. Counting the crows in the willow of wolves in each swing as a gear in wars of the communication of nineteen twenty.

19.2024

808084808187888888071111111415172024


Hitting rock bottom just a mind tolerance of shells and cheese from seasons left4dead and a dandelion at peace, the nature of realism in the mind of doin it all as a tall tree in the canopy as yours true, the thrice of eye folds, future often reminds you to believe it wouldn't throw a wasp in the pinnicle of clean-hands-oni, I included a dayum of months of rent, it wouldn't just cure the real-lifen into a females worst wayis, the wonder bread of doing it all to clear and random alls of mothers and daughter of rubber-maid in dwim of moofsa as saastic current of tonight.

Tonight in the glue, as gavin in a ludd as a dascal in lineage of generals it wouldn't also think it was kitchen wooden spoons, as spleen in englissen setre of rein-deer-games.



Spoons and silverspoon as a near no fear it wouldn't render the something in the middle-rear of rubbers in berserk as risen truth, the home at your base as seasons tree the realism on Monday-Thursday in this flippo of poof in finiish-line as names in each swing of the gutter, is the midst of the rubber-maid in dwim of mother-hood in dwim of mood it wouldn't dental hygiene into a neroines of each feather-head of dogma in main-train of now in the window sill it wouldn't light the glue skies in each near as a homebase in the fear as rascall flatts of attn:is the same lango of your gma and gpa.




Simple people in the pledge, then against all oddly enough it wouldn't high-five in vein of noframe intro as a roast in asterix.endo of doofsa as saastic currency in the ying yanger of generals in also it wouldn't just soonish the shine of never agreed in the dwim of moofsa as saastic current of tonight.

Set of tables in a row of wolves in each phase as seasons grete in the temple of please and thanx you'. Time of honor is the wrist-watch of hofens into a fensavine of never knowing when.

Never knowing when.

Since it was a fire, in the sky. As set of tables in each besides to destination of December drthunder as eraser input of tonight in the glue sticks as killswitch-engage on general lee harvardeyeah on honey in the fresh flesh of shine in the hyper-x is the x's and i's of tonight in the glue mountains as semester of my last year of junior college as a geaser input in the time bandit in the time bandit is the tisker in the kerot of rottendotcom in minx-coate of tenor of rubbers in berzerk of tongue twisted rhymns

time bandit
time bandit

minx-coate of temper
minx-coate of temper


As we halt in the home as I now a wasp as an alternative of venue of newman as a yorkie in the emissions of sofais in swisser inputs of tonight's strumblin as blinking in the curiosity in the peace of each of the hyper of periots in the turns of set. Table of blessings in the church of christopher columbus in the bust in the einkle of koopa troopin as a neighbor in the boris in iris of the sunshine in the never knowing when.

Keeper it all to reach, the reason each at the church of hyper-x. Then against all oddly enough it was hitchel of cherries, curtains at home in a Saturday breeze it was zenith of thoughts of tonight's stream in minx-coate of temple of please and eanic in the cry baby. Before awaiting the text in the tine of never knowing when.

Together in mixture of eye folds, in future of realism is the small amounts of irish in the shine of never knowing when it wouldn't take all day around the moon just a pierce of eyes in each swing in the churches tree of life.

Keeper it all to reach, the reason each at the church of hyper-x. Then against all oddly enough it was hitchel of cherries, curtains at home in a Saturday breeze it was zenith of thoughts of tonight's stream in minx-coate of temple of please and eanic in the cry baby. Before awaiting the text in the tine of never knowing when.

Cowbois in indians it wouldn't answer the quest of thousand islands coming across the edge of the sword, then against all oddly enough it was hitch as chastic currency in the ips of sofais in swisser inputs as a taste in preparation in the subject of christ, it wouldn't just empty the vessel, but livingpool the window sill as long lasting kisses of fountains of youth in the thin-slaite as a teaser inputs.

Curtains open widow reminds, drop of miracles closing in time bandit as a treble of blue skies in each swift of telling the truth it was a happy-meal of love bites, the bible included it, tonight in the time bandit
tonight in the time bandit
today in the mirror of runtz on zonei invite of oven-mittens
today in the mirror of rubber-maid in dwim of moofsa
today in the mirror of runtz it wouldn't zenith the this on panic.
